Project migration to webpack 5 (#10689)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/builds/guides/integration/advanced-setup.md

							}
						}
					},
					'css-loader',
					{
						loader: 'postcss-loader',
						options: {
							postcssOptions: styles.getPostCssConfig( {
								themeImporter: {
									themePath: require.resolve( '@ckeditor/ckeditor5-theme-lark' )
								},
								minify: true
							} )
						}
					}
				]
			}
		]
	}
};
```

<info-box>

>     If you cannot use the latest webpack (when writing this guide, it is 5), the provided configuration will also work with webpack 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you cannot use the latest webpack (at the moment of writing this guide, it is 5), the provided configuration will also work with webpack 4.
```
